Simple Lua Interpreter
======

An imperfect Lua parser and interpreter.

Follow the [EBNF](http://www.lua.org/manual/5.1/manual.html#8) grammar of Lua 5.1

Code snippets for testing are in the folder of *tests* .

# Environment

1. OS : Ubuntu 18.04
2. graphviz 2.40.1 : `apt-get install graphviz`
3. flex 2.6.4 : `apt-get install flex`
4. bison 3.0.4 : `apt-get install bison`
5. gcc 7.5.0 : `apt-get install build-essential`

# How to use & Commands

1. `make`
2. `./parse ./tests/?.lua`
3. `./gen_dot.sh`
4. `./clean.sh` for deleting all generated files.
5. `make clean` for deleting files generated by flex and bison.

# Notice

* The parser has full functionality
* The interpreter works well on the test cases, it may encounter errors when trying other examples

# License

               GLWT(Good Luck With That) Public License
                 Copyright (c) Everyone, except Author

Everyone is permitted to copy, distribute, modify, merge, sell, publish,
sublicense or whatever they want with this software but at their OWN RISK.

                            Preamble

The author has absolutely no clue what the code in this project does.
It might just work or not, there is no third option.


                GOOD LUCK WITH THAT PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION, AND MODIFICATION

  0. You just DO WHATEVER YOU WANT TO as long as you NEVER LEAVE A
TRACE TO TRACK THE AUTHOR of the original product to blame for or hold
responsible.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Good luck and Godspeed.
